New Delhi: The priest of a Gurdwara from Haryana, Baba Ram Singh, who joined the farmers' protest, has died by suicide; he had shot himself. The 65-year-old was at the Delhi-Sonipat border at Kundli, where he reached on Tuesday evening. The area is 2 km from the Singhu border, the epicentre of farmers' protest, which is now on its 21st day. In a note, he said he was sacrificing his life "to express anger and pain against the government's injustice".
"I feel the pain of farmers fighting to ensure their rights... I share their pain because the government is not doing justice to them. To inflict injustice is a sin, but it is also a sin to tolerate injustice. To support farmers, some have returned their awards to the government.  I have decided to sacrifice myself," read the note he left.

Shyam Lal Poonia, the Deputy Police Commissioner of Sonipat, said Baba Ram Singh had shot himself inside the car. "He was rushed to Park hospital in Panipat and was declared dead on arrival by the doctors," said Mr Poonia.

His followers said the funeral will be held in Karnal on Friday.

Yesterday, Baba Ram Singh, as he is addressed by his followers, had met Gurnam Singh Charhuni, the chief of the Haryana unit of the Bharatiya Kisan Union, and expressed his concern over the deadlock between the government and the farmers.

"We met for around 45 minutes in my tent... He asked about the prevailing situation and was concerned about the farm agitation," said Gurnam Singh Chadhuni, adding, "It is a very big sacrifice".

Most opposition leaders tweeted condolences, the list included Congress's Rahul Gandhi and Chief Minister Amarinder Singh, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and the Badals. The Haryana government is yet to comment on the issue.

"Sant Baba Ram Singh from Karnal died by suicide over the farmers' condition at Kundli border. My condolences in this moment of grief... many farmers have sacrificed their lives. The Modi government has crossed all the limits of cruelty. Stop being adamant, take back the anti-farmer laws," Congress's Rahul Gandhi tweeted in Hindi.